"Story" follows unnamed apprentice as they follow the writings of Archmage R

No Mechanics, just moving around in a maze like area
Level  1: If you're reading this, you are the lucky soul who has been sent to fetch me from this little accident.
	I have decided to make the most of this little [i]incident[/i] and will be exploring.
	Follow these notes and we'll both be out of this mess before lunchtime.
	- Archmage R
Level  2: If [i]you're[/i] reading this Garmrow, this is why you leave well enough alone.
	Portals have always had a "here" and "there," there was no need to pry that apart and see what was "between".
	Expect disciplinary action as soon as I get out of here.
	- Archmage R
Level  3: Archmage R
Level  4: Archmage R was here
Level  5: Archmage R
Orb gets introduced
Level  6: [crossout?] This seems to be the end for me.
	I've tried stepping through the gateway in this area to no avail.
	I have lost track of how much time has passed, and I am losing hope.[end crossout]
	Ignore this, I just needed to collect enough of these strange orbs.
Level  7: To the apprentice who has been sent down here to find me:
	As much as I hate to admit this, I think Garmrow might have been onto something.
	Please record these writings as academic notes, as I do not have my usual research materials due to the impromptu nature of this expedition.
Level  8: It seems that these gateways use an energy gradient to shift material from one place to another.
	Gradient appears to be "powered" by whatever these orbs are made of, as they disappear upon close proximity to the gateway.
	Could this be the underlying foundation of portal travel?
Level  9: Some gateways need more orbs. Why is this? Will continue to investigate
Level 10: To the apprentice: I got so caught up in my exploration I realize that constantly moving might be delaying my rescue.
	However, I am sure you can understand; when life gives you unexpected sub-portal travel, do your part and advance the field of portal research.
	- Archmage R
Floating Platforms get introduced
Level 11: Well this is fascinating, I had expected to see nothing but more hallways and corridors, but this area appears to open up into what I can only assume is the subspace that makes portal transfer possible.
	It seems space is less stable here, as I can see what I presume to be the other end of the hallway floating in the ether.
	Surely nothing a little Telekinesis can't fix.
Level 12: Even more fascinating; I was able to use Telekinesis to pull on the hallway to a myriad of surprises.
	First, there was no resistance to my telekinetic pull, so much so that even a simple cantrip like Mage Hand can suffice
	Second, after I brought in the hallway and released my spell, it appears to have... combined perfectly with the surface I was standing on.
	No matter how closely I look, I cannot even find a seam. Absolutely fascinating.
Level 13: My current theory is that rather than the material merging, it is space itself.
	It would follow the main principals of portal travel, linking two distinct areas into a single span of distance.
	But this only raises more questions than answering them.
	More research needed.
Level 14: I had a most nerve-racking series of events.
	I was trying different combinations of the material found here and I will admit, I did lose myself in the process a little bit.
	I quickly realized that I had blocked off any possibility of progressing to the next gateway.
	However, as I was frantically searching for a solution, turning back towards the direction of the gateway revealed everything had been put back in its original place.
	Unsure what to make of this, but I am now able to continue onwards.
Level 15: I am still thinking on what just happened.
	It almost feels too convenient. By all accounts, I had exhausted my options, yet I was given another chance.
	... Is there some sort of overseer of this domain?
Slicer gets introduced
Level 16: While I am still unsettled, those concerns must wait in the name of magical research.
	I entered in this area, which appeared to be a sealed room, with nothing but a shapeless, black, mass.
	As I approached it, it appeared to "collapse" into itself, forming what can only be described as a... Kitchen knife?
	Even stranger still, as I was trying to discern its function, I swung it around and felt it "catch" on something, and now the room has been split in two.
	Unfortunately, after this, the knife disappeared. Must attempt to find more to study.
Level 17: Good news, I was able to find more of these objects.
	It seems that these "knives" work in the opposite manner of whatever phenomena is causing spatial merging.
	Perhaps two sides of the same coin?
Level 18: The properties of splitting and merging space seems to only further support my theory of this being the foundation of portal traversal.
	Could this process of spatial reconfiguration be occuring every time a portal is created?
	Is this the hidden bridge that is crossed every time one steps into a portal?
	Much to think about.
Level 19:
Level 20: I apologize for forgetting to leave a note.
	The more I explore, the more I have questions, which in turn leads to further exploration.
	I hope I have not traveled too far to prevent rescue, but stopping now would feel like locking the door to a treasure vault and throwing away the key.
Black platforms get introduced
Level 21: Another interesting discovery.
	The usual bland hallways I've become accustomed to have given way to a darker variant.
	While structurally it looks identical, I cannot help but feel it is related to these knives I've been using to progress.
	This is further backed up by the fact that I cannot seem to get the knife to "catch" onto these areas and cut them, as I have done before.
Level 22: While frustrating at times, I have become rather skilled at manipulating the environment down here.
	I am sure that what I am uncovering now will advance the field by 10, or even 100 years.
	However, I still cannot shake my unease that something, or someone is observing me...
Level 23: As my concerns grow, I paused my exploration and realized I cannot tell if I have been down here for 10 minutes or 10 decades.
	Further more, I have not had the desire to eat or drink, and upon testing it, realized I no longer need to continuously breathe to keep functioning.
	I will explore only a little further. These discoveries will mean nothing if nobody is able to tell of them.
Level 24:
Level 25: [s]I am[\s][s] I have [\s][s]things are[\s]
	I think something is chasing me.
	I waited for some time in the previous area, though unable to tell exactly how long.
	However, after either some eternity or instant after arriving, the deepest and darkest fear I have ever felt beset me.
	Nothing appeared any different, but I had to leave, only once I arrived here did that inky coldness leave my body.
	Please hurry.
Combination of all mechanics until final level
Level 26: Please hurry.
	- Archmage R
Level 27: Please hurry.
	- Archmage R
Level 28:
Level 29:
Level 30: I can see it.
	It can see me.
	I know it knows that I can see it
	It knows I know that I can see it
